It's all because of that trash pie
You are humiliated like this
Oops, okay, okay
Just bear with me!
When we get the cooperation with Huacan Group
I must make his life worse than death
Dad, look at that
That trash still has a face to block
Chen Huachan, how did you get in?
This is not the second miss of the Jiang family and the eldest miss Jiang
And Master Jiang?
Hey, what are you singing, cosplay?
Could it be that someone was stopped at the door and couldn't get in?
Press the waiter to sneak in
This is the Yu Qian you talk to your elders about
It's really big and small
Some people don't deserve to be elders
Not even worthy of my cave master
Listen to me no matter how you mix it up
This is not a place where you can be presumptuous
Did Miss Jiang make a mistake?
Now your family of three is here to stop me
How can you say I'm presumptuous?
Hey
Why haven't you seen the mother and son of your Jiang family?